add document of `SHOW PLUGIN` (#2826)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-show-plugins.md

> ---

Reviewer: Please add this file link to TOC.md @imtbkcat

title: SHOW PLUGINS
summary: An overview of the usage of SHOW PLUGINS for the TiDB database.
category: reference
---

# SHOW PLUGINS

> `SHOW PLUGINS` could show all plugins installed in TiDB, including plugin's status and version informantion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SHOW PLUGINS` shows all plugins installed in TiDB, including each plugin's status and version information.
```
